ThapaTechnical's Disclaimer ThapaTechnical's Disclaimer Please contact us by email at vinodthapavlog@gmail.com if you require any additional information or have any queries concerning our site's disclaimer. ThapaTechnical's disclaimers All of the content on this website is provided in good faith and solely for the purpose of providing general information. Thapatechnical makes no representations or claims about the completeness, accuracy, or reliability of this material. Any action you take as a result of the information on this website is solely at your own risk. https://thapatechnicalblog.blogspot.com/ is not responsible for any losses or damages incurred as a result of using our website.
You can visit other websites from our website by clicking on hyperlinks to such external sites. We make every effort to give only high-quality links to useful and ethical websites, but we have no control over their content or nature. These links to other websites do not mean that all of the content on other sites is recommended. Owners and content on the site may change without warning, and this may happen before we have a chance to delete a potentially harmful connection. Please be aware that when you leave our website, other sites' privacy policies and conditions may differ from ours, and we have no control over them.Please be sure to check the Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their "Terms of Service" before 
engaging in any business or uploading any information.

Consent  
By using our website, you hereby consent to our disclaimer and agree to its terms.

Update



If we update, alter, or change this document in any way, those changes will be prominently displayed here.


================= PRIVACY POLICY ===================

PRIVACY POLICY 

The website https://thapatechnicalblog.blogspot.com/ is operated by ThapaTechnical ("us", "we", or "our") (the "Service").
This page explains our policies for collecting, using, and disclosing personal data when you use our Service, as well as your options for dealing with that data. Your information is used to provide and improve the Service. You agree to the collection and use of information in line with this policy by using the Service. Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, terms have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions, which can be found at https://thapatechnicalblog.blogspot.com/.

INFORMATION COLLECTION  AND USE

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

PERSONAL DATA
We may ask you to provide us with personally identifying information that can be used to contact or identify you while using our Service ("Personal Data"). Information that can be used to identify you personally includes, but is not limited to:

1)EMAIL
2)NAME
3)COOKIES AND USAGE DATA

USAGE DATA
We may also gather information about how people use and access the Service ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you view, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

TRACKING & COOKIE DATA

To track activities on our Service and store certain information, we utilise cookies and similar tracking technologies.
Cookies are little data files that may or may not contain an anonymous unique identification. Cookies are little text files that a website sends to your browser and stores on your device. Beacons, tags, and scripts are examples of tracking technologies that are used to collect and track data, as well as to develop and analyse our Service.
You may set your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when one is received. You may not be able to utilise some parts of our Service if you refuse to accept cookies.

We use the following types of cookies:

1)Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
2)Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
3)Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

USE OF DATA 

ThapaTechnical uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues

TRANSFER OF DATA

Your data, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and stored on computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction, where data protection regulations may differ from those in your jurisdiction.
If you are situated outside of India and choose to send information to us, please be aware that we will transfer and process your data, including Personal Data, in India.
Your assent to that transfer is based on your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your submission of such information.

ThapaTechnical will take all reasonable means to guarantee that your personal information is handled securely and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

DISCLOSURE OF DATA

LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
	
ThapaTechnical may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of ThapaTechnical
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability

SECURITY OF DATA

We care about the security of your information, but keep in mind that no method of Internet transmission or electronic storage is completely safe. While we make every effort to protect your Personal Data using commercially reasonable techniques, we cannot guarantee its total security.

SERVICE PROVIDER

We may hire third-party companies and individuals to help us provide our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, execute Service-related functions, or assist us in assessing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to carry out these duties on our behalf, and they are prohibited from disclosing or using it for any other reason.

LINK TO OTHER SITES

Our Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not under our control. You will be routed to the third party's website if you click on a third-party link. Every site you visit should have a Privacy Policy that you should read.
We have no control over the content, privacy policies, or practises of any third-party sites or services, and we disclaim any responsibility for them.

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Anyone under the age of 18 is not eligible to use our service ("Children").
We do not intentionally collect personally identifying information from children under the age of eighteen. Please contact us if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your children have provided us with Personal Data. If we learn that we have obtained Personal Data from children without parental agreement, we will take steps to erase the data from our servers.

CHANGE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

From time to time, we may make changes to our Privacy Policy. Any changes will be communicated to you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on this page.
Prior to the change taking effect, we will notify you through email and/or a conspicuous notice on our Service, and we will revise the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
It is recommended that you examine this Privacy Policy on a regular basis for any updates. When changes to this Privacy Policy are posted on this page, they become effective.

CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: vinodthapavlog@gmail.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://thapatechnicalblog.blogspot.com/
